---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tetration_application Resource - terraform-provider-ciscosecureworkload"
subcategory: "policy management"
description: |-
  Applications also referred Segmentation or Workspaces
---

# tetration_application (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_scope_id` (String) ID of the scope assigned to the application.
- `catch_all_action` (String) “ALLOW” or “DENY”

### Optional

- `absolute_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--absolute_policy))
- `alternate_query_mode` (Boolean) (Optional) Indicates if “dynamic mode” is used for the application. In dynamic mode, an ADM run creates one or more candidate queries for each cluster. Default value is true.
- `cluster` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster))
- `default_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_policy))
- `description` (String) (Optional) User-specified description of the application.
- `filter` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) (Optional) User-specified name for the application.
- `primary` (Boolean) (Optional) Set to true to indicate this application is primary for the given scope. Default value is true.
- `strict_validation` (Boolean) (Optional) Return an error if there are unknown keys/attributes in the uploaded data. Useful for catching misspelled keys. Default value is false.

### Read-Only

- `author` (String) First and last name of the user who created the application.
- `created_at` (Number) Unix timestamp indicating when the application was created.
- `enforced_version` (Number) The enforced p* version of the application.
- `enforcement_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if enforcement is enabled on the application.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `latest_adm_version` (Number) The latest adm (v*) version of the application.

<a id="nestedblock--absolute_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `absolute_policy`

Optional:

- `action` (String) “ALLOW” or “DENY”
- `consumer_filter_id` (String) ID of a cluster, user inventory filter, or application scope.
- `consumer_filter_name` (String) Named filter. If more than one filter with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `consumer_scope_name` (String) Named application scope. If more than one application scope with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `layer_4_network_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--absolute_policy--layer_4_network_policy))
- `provider_filter_id` (String) ID of a cluster, user inventory filter, or application scope.
- `provider_filter_name` (String) Named filter. If more than one filter with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `provider_scope_name` (String) Named application scope. If more than one application scope with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.

<a id="nestedblock--absolute_policy--layer_4_network_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `absolute_policy.layer_4_network_policy`

Required:

- `port_range` (List of Number) Inclusive range of ports; for example, [80, 80] or [5000, 6000].
- `protocol` (Number) Protocol integer value (NULL means all protocols).

Optional:

- `approved` (Boolean) (Optional) Indicates whether the policy is approved. Default is false.



<a id="nestedblock--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Optional:

- `consistent_uuid` (String) Must be unique to a given application. After an ADM run, the similar/same clusters in the next version will maintain the consistent_uuid.
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier to be used with policies.
- `name` (String) Cluster display name.
- `node` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster--node))

<a id="nestedblock--cluster--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster.node`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address or subnet of the node; for example, 10.0.0.1/8 or 1.2.3.4.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Displayed name of the node.



<a id="nestedblock--default_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_policy`

Optional:

- `action` (String) “ALLOW” or “DENY”
- `consumer_filter_id` (String) ID of a cluster, user inventory filter, or application scope.
- `consumer_filter_name` (String) Named filter. If more than one filter with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `consumer_scope_name` (String) Named application scope. If more than one application scope with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `layer_4_network_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_policy--layer_4_network_policy))
- `provider_filter_id` (String) ID of a cluster, user inventory filter, or application scope.
- `provider_filter_name` (String) Named filter. If more than one filter with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.
- `provider_scope_name` (String) Named application scope. If more than one application scope with the same name exists you must specify consumer_filter_id. Only one of consumer_filter_id, consumer_filter_name or consumer_scope_name can be specified.

<a id="nestedblock--default_policy--layer_4_network_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_policy.layer_4_network_policy`

Required:

- `port_range` (List of Number) Inclusive range of ports; for example, [80, 80] or [5000, 6000].

Optional:

- `approved` (Boolean) (Optional) Indicates whether the policy is approved. Default is false.
- `protocol` (Number) Protocol integer value (NULL means all protocols).



<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier to be used with policies.
- `query` (String) JSON object representation of an inventory filter query.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Displayed name of the cluster.


