---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tetration_scope Resource - terraform-provider-ciscosecureworkload"
subcategory: "Organisation"
description: |-
  Scopes will goupe applications and provide the hirachy to have multiple layers of policy  
---

# tetration_scope (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_app_scope_id` (String) What resource field to use when evaluating the scope query.
- `short_name` (String) User-specified name for the scope.
- `short_query_field` (String) What resource field to use when evaluating the scope query.
- `short_query_type` (String) Scope short query type.
- `short_query_value` (String) What resource value to use when evaluating the scope query.

### Optional

- `description` (String) User-specified description of the scope.
- `policy_priority` (Number) Used to sort application priorities; default is last.

### Read-Only

- `child_app_scope_ids` (List of String) Indicates a child or parent query has been updated and that the changes need to be committed..
- `created_at` (Number) Unix Epoch timestamp when scope was created.
- `dirty` (Boolean) Indicates a child or parent query has been updated and that the changes need to be committed..
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Fully qualified name of the scope. This is a fully qualified name; that is, it includes the names of parent scopes (if applicable) all the way to the root scope.
- `priority` (String)
- `root_app_scope_id` (String) Root scope for the tetration installation
- `short_priority` (Number) Used to sort application priorities; default is last.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix Epoch timestamp when scope was last updated.
- `vrf_id` (Number) ID of the VRF to which scope belongs.


